Update `Project Loved` articles (#9405)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Community/Project_Loved/en.md

- **The beatmap must not be currently in the Qualified, Ranked or Approved categories.** Ideally, a map should not be going for Ranked and Loved at the same time, as they are mutually exclusive.
- **The beatmap must be submitted at least 1 year before Loved nomination, except for beatmaps that break ranking criteria due to their concept.** Submitting a beatmap solely for Loved is discouraged when Ranked might be a better option. Exceptions include sliderator usage, Aspire maps, storyboard gameplay gimmicks, etc.
- **The beatmap must have at least 30 favourites.** This is a minimum threshold to indicate a positive and existing community reaction to the beatmap. Brigading for favourites is discouraged, although captains cannot verify whether that happens.

> - **Every person involved in the beatmap must not disapprove of it being Loved.** This includes guest difficulty creators, hitsounders, skinners, and storyboarders. If one of the users involved in the mapset explicitly states their disagreement with their contribution being Loved, then it is to be removed from the mapset after its nomination.

Author: i went with the vague route to include other contributions like sb, hs, etc

> - **Every person involved in the beatmap must not disapprove of it being Loved.** This includes guest difficulty creators, hitsounders, skinners, and storyboarders. If one of the users involved in the mapset explicitly states their disagreement with their contribution being Loved, then it is to be removed from the mapset after its nomination.

Reviewer: hmm, ok then

```suggestion
- **Every person involved in the beatmap must not disapprove of it being Loved.** This includes guest difficulty creators, hitsounders, skinners, and storyboarders. If any user involved in the beatmap explicitly disagrees with their contribution being Loved, then it is to be removed from the beatmap after its nomination.
```
